Some of you told me they wanted to know more about my bike
Indeed, I have not made a video about her yet
What if we talked about her now?
She has a nickname, but it's a well-kept secret! ;)
It's a Honda CBF 600 NA
so with a 600cc engine
"N" because it is the "Naked" and "A" version because it has ABS
Let's quickly go around the owner ...
As you can see, the bike is completely original, including the muffler
Subscribers sometimes ask me why I do not change the pot, the retro, or that I do not add carbon parts ...
In my opinion, the beauty of this bike lies in its simplicity
So I want to keep it as it is. If I tried to make it more aggressive ...
... it would be like a cat who thinks he's a lion
Because it's a nice and soft bike, not an aggressive bike
Well, let's go for a walk ...
Personally, I really like this classic dashboard!
Logically, the noise is discreet, but it fits well with his personality
4 cylinders, 78 hp at 10,500 rpm, 58 nm at 8,000 rpm
The motor is linear: not player, but flexible and pleasant
The driving position is straight, natural and rather comfortable
It is fantastically easy to handle
215 kg all full facts
The 6-speed gearbox is the sweetest I've ever used
The brakes could be better, but they are ok ...
And ABS saved me in critical situations!
In conclusion...
It's a great bike for everyday use in urban areas
Perfect for beginners and bikers who resume after a long break
Totally reliable and inexpensive in maintenance
Even though I'm slowly starting to think about my next bike ...
... I will take all my time because I am still very much in love with her
And I have the feeling that we still have a lot to live together!